Hello friends
Well, as it says in the title, today I'm going to show you how to make it subject to
San Andreas the city is three kilometers closer
if they did not understand what I said they will understand when I show them in the
game so let's start at once
first we go to the limit megaupload or leave in the description of the video
and once there we put the four digits that ask us to enter and the
we enter
then we wait for the time
when finished we give normal discharge
we save the file I recommend that you save it on the desktop so that
be in sight
this is the file that we have downloaded and we will decompress it we click
right and it is bring here the folder will be and a file will appear
as next step we go to the directory of gt a san andreas
we get into the folder that will be called
this is the original file of the game
let's make a backup of the file
for that we copy it and we go to the directory now we create a folder
Basque call or whatever you want
here we are going to leave the original file of the game this is in case the model
so they can put the file back when they want
now we go to the folder that we unzipped if we copy the file
what's wrong with it
we go to the data folder and there we paste it
we already have the modification list
now I will explain what this modification is for
when you play san andreas if we see the city
they see it as something limited
now with this post you can see three kilometers further and if you have not
understood with this we go to the game
hello hello, I'm going to show you how to improve
when they see it they will understand what it is for
miriam that's what it looks like in the city normally without replacing any
archive
note that on the horizon the city looks unlimited blurry but now it is
what the city looks like after installing the module
jooooo just look it looks amazing you can see it all the desert and all the
city
look how everything looks
because everything is what you see
good children I hope you liked it I say goodbye along with 10 with sun 92
subscribe faith for more videos I stay here seeing the city
see you later